hello ladies and gentlemen it's your
host white girl something string
bringing you a new gay I'm just kidding
I'm just kidding but um the clip at the
beginning was Miss gamer raging if you
guys know her it's not a very familiar
it was not me i decided to use that
because i actually found out that I
indeed had the gameplay remember telling
her that I like my own gossip frozen
like it exited but I found out it was
actually saved somewhere so I decided to
use it for fun and that Kirby rage i
remember in her video when she used that
and it was like really funny so i
decided to use it i thought was like a
pretty cool intro because almost got a
double sperm with this and well like
there's six seconds left but you know
what it was still almost a double so I'm
dang it fine um guys yes this is indeed
a no perks no attachments 5099 gameplay
and my class setup I was using the type
25 n FAL I know that's like the weirdest
set up ever I'm like using overkill but
the reason why I wanted to do this in
the first place I actually titled this
class gold and basically I wanted to get
my assault rifles go because I just
needed to do that challenge where you do
like 150 kills or something no personal
swamp pike no perks no attachments so I
went ahead and put this class it up on
so I know Kyle ghost is coming out soon
I really know that but I still hopefully
can get all my assault rifles diamond or
stuff like that before it comes out and
that most likely isn't going to happen
but I hope like I still want to get it
just because it's like golden everything
but um yes so I actually did similar
challenges like this I almost actually
rage quit this game I almost quit this
game and I would have gotten this
gameplay but luckily I stayed and ended
up getting this and it was actually
really unexpected um students so bad i
think it's like the second rule that i
started this so i was really lucky there
and i actually did challenges something
like this in the past and i remember
getting a 57 only swarm of five-seven
pistol only swarm so
oh my gosh I have to tell you about that
actually made a failed Taj in just do
their guest room and just a day oh my
god I got all the clips for that I was
like was it like three minutes three to
five minutes long just complete fails
like 10 click likes second Clips fails
and it was really hectic it was a
nightmare but I finally ended up getting
it was super lucky even those these guys
were like talking trash I mean like
you're against a pistol and you're just
gonna rage at a girl getting a swarm
against you're using a pistol that's
pretty sad but some yes so guys I really
wanted to ask you if there's any
challenges you have for me out there I
know ghost is coming out soon but it
doesn't mean I can't stop doing like
black ops 2 videos because I really want
to like put my comments hit me skills
out there and I know it just make like
informational videos like cargo side
zombies that black up see that but I
really want to do like commentary skills
and just like challenges so you can get
to like know you guys and real quick i
just wanted to dress something with the
friend request i know a lot of you guys
are telling me to add you but I
currently have 70 unread messages at
this moment I've been going through some
fights I get a lot of messages a day and
a lot of friend requests will not really
a friend request I just messages for
friend request but really a hundred
limits for 8,000 people even more out
there like from people are joining games
that's really a lot so please bear with
me and please don't send me messages
saying oh I'm subbing because that
that's really depressing and it just
like takes me off from adding people but
you know xbox one thousand friend
requests limit but something you guys
here's the end of the game play here be
sure you subscribe and like if you have
many peeps
meanie